,companyName,Ticker,longDescription,shortDescription,industry
0,Exxon Mobil Corp.,XOM,ExxonMobil Corporation is an American multinational oil and gas corporation and the largest direct descendant of John D. Rockefellers Standard Oil. ,ExxonMobil Corporation is an American multinational oil and gas corporation and the largest direct descendant of John D. Rockefellers Standard Oil. ,Petroleum Refineries
1,PetroChina Co. Ltd.,PTR,,,Crude Petroleum and Natural Gas Extraction 
2,Chevron Corp.,CVX,"Chevron Corporation is an American multinational energy corporation predominantly in oil and gas. The second-largest direct descendant of Standard Oil, and originally known as the Standard Oil Company of California, it is headquartered in San Ramon, California, and active in more than 180 countries.","Chevron Corporation is an American multinational energy corporation predominantly in oil and gas. The second-largest direct descendant of Standard Oil, and originally known as the Standard Oil Company of California, it is headquartered in San Ramon, California, and active in more than 180 countries.",Petroleum Refineries
3,BP plc,BP,"BP p.l.c. is a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in London, England. It is one of the oil and gas ""supermajors"" and one of the worlds largest companies measured by revenues and profits.","BP p.l.c. is a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in London, England. It is one of the oil and gas ""supermajors"" and one of the worlds largest companies measured by revenues and profits.",Petroleum Refineries
4,BHP Group Limited,BHP,"BHP Group Ltd. engages in the exploration, development, production and processing of iron ore, metallurgical coal and copper. It operates through the following segments: Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore, and Coal. ","BHP Group Ltd. engages in the exploration, development, production and processing of iron ore, metallurgical coal and copper. It operates through the following segments: Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore, and Coal. ",Iron Ore Mining
5,China Petroleum & Chemical Corp,SNP,,,Petroleum Refineries
6,SLB,SLB,"schlumberger is the world's leading provider of technology for reservoir characterization, drilling, production, and processing to the oil and gas industry. working in more than 85 countries and employing people who represent over 140 nationalities, schlumberger supplies the industry's most comprehensive range of products and services, from exploration through production and integrated pore-to-pipeline solutions for hydrocarbon recovery that optimize reservoir performance. apply for a position with us at careers.slb.com","schlumberger is the world's leading provider of technology for reservoir characterization, drilling, production, and processing to the oil and gas industry. working in more than 85 countries and employing people who represent over 140 nationalities, schlumberger supplies the industry's most comprehensive range of products and services, from exploration through production and integrated pore-to-pipeline solutions for hydrocarbon recovery that optimize reservoir performance. apply for a position with us at careers.slb.com",Support Activities for Oil and Gas Operations 
7,Apple Inc,AAPL,"Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California. Apple is the worlds largest technology company by revenue, with US$394.3 billion in 2022 revenue. As of March 2023, Apple is the worlds biggest company by market capitalization.","Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California. Apple is the worlds largest technology company by revenue, with US$394.3 billion in 2022 revenue. As of March 2023, Apple is the worlds biggest company by market capitalization.",Electronic Computer Manufacturing 
8,Procter & Gamble Co.,PG,"The Procter & Gamble Company is an American multinational consumer goods corporation headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, founded in 1837 by William Procter and James Gamble.","The Procter & Gamble Company is an American multinational consumer goods corporation headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, founded in 1837 by William Procter and James Gamble.",Soap and Other Detergent Manufacturing 
9,Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV,BUD,"Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV, commonly known as AB InBev, is a Belgian multinational drink and brewing company based in Leuven, Belgium. AB InBev has a global functional management office in New York City, and regional headquarters in São Paulo, London, St. Louis, Mexico City, Bremen, Johannesburg, and others.","Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV, commonly known as AB InBev, is a Belgian multinational drink and brewing company based in Leuven, Belgium. AB InBev has a global functional management office in New York City, and regional headquarters in São Paulo, London, St. Louis, Mexico City, Bremen, Johannesburg, and others.",Breweries
10,Coca-Cola Co,KO,"The Coca-Cola Company is an American multinational corporation founded in 1892, best known as the producer of Coca-Cola. The drink industry company also manufactures, sells, and markets other non-alcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups, and alcoholic beverages.","The Coca-Cola Company is an American multinational corporation founded in 1892, best known as the producer of Coca-Cola. The drink industry company also manufactures, sells, and markets other non-alcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups, and alcoholic beverages.",Soft Drink Manufacturing 
11,Philip Morris International Inc,PM,"Philip Morris International Inc. is an American multinational tobacco company, with products sold in over 180 countries. The most recognized and best selling product of the company is Marlboro. Philip Morris International is often referred to as one of the companies comprising Big Tobacco.","Philip Morris International Inc. is an American multinational tobacco company, with products sold in over 180 countries. The most recognized and best selling product of the company is Marlboro. Philip Morris International is often referred to as one of the companies comprising Big Tobacco.",Tobacco Manufacturing 
12,Toyota Motor Corporation,TM,"Toyota Motor Corporation is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Toyota City, Aichi, Japan. It was founded by Kiichiro Toyoda and incorporated on August 28, 1937. Toyota is one of the largest automobile manufacturers in the world, producing about 10 million vehicles per year.","Toyota Motor Corporation is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Toyota City, Aichi, Japan. It was founded by Kiichiro Toyoda and incorporated on August 28, 1937. Toyota is one of the largest automobile manufacturers in the world, producing about 10 million vehicles per year.",Automobile Manufacturing 
13,PepsiCo Inc,PEP,"PepsiCo, Inc. is an American multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation headquartered in Harrison, New York, in the hamlet of Purchase. PepsiCos business encompasses all aspects of the food and beverage market. It oversees the manufacturing, distribution, and marketing of its products. ","PepsiCo, Inc. is an American multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation headquartered in Harrison, New York, in the hamlet of Purchase. PepsiCos business encompasses all aspects of the food and beverage market. It oversees the manufacturing, distribution, and marketing of its products. ",Soft Drink Manufacturing 
14,Unilever plc,UL,"Unilever plc is a British multinational consumer goods company with headquarters in London. Unilever products include food, condiments, ice cream, cleaning agents, beauty products, and personal care. Unilever is the largest producer of soap in the world and its products are available in around 190 countries.","Unilever plc is a British multinational consumer goods company with headquarters in London. Unilever products include food, condiments, ice cream, cleaning agents, beauty products, and personal care. Unilever is the largest producer of soap in the world and its products are available in around 190 countries.",All Other Miscellaneous Food Manufacturing 
15,Altria Group Inc.,MO,"Altria Group, Inc. is an American corporation and one of the worlds largest producers and marketers of tobacco, cigarettes and related products. It operates worldwide and is headquartered in Henrico County, Virginia, just outside the city of Richmond.","Altria Group, Inc. is an American corporation and one of the worlds largest producers and marketers of tobacco, cigarettes and related products. It operates worldwide and is headquartered in Henrico County, Virginia, just outside the city of Richmond.",Tobacco Manufacturing 
16,Johnson & Johnson,JNJ,"Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational corporation founded in 1886 that develops medical devices, pharmaceuticals, and consumer packaged goods.","Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational corporation founded in 1886 that develops medical devices, pharmaceuticals, and consumer packaged goods.",Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing 
17,Pfizer Inc.,PFE,"Pfizer Inc. is an American multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology corporation headquartered at The Spiral in Manhattan, New York City. The company was established in 1849 in New York by two German entrepreneurs, Charles Pfizer and his cousin Charles F. Erhart.","Pfizer Inc. is an American multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology corporation headquartered at The Spiral in Manhattan, New York City. The company was established in 1849 in New York by two German entrepreneurs, Charles Pfizer and his cousin Charles F. Erhart.",Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing 
18,Novartis AG,NVS,"Novartis AG is a Swiss multinational pharmaceutical corporation based in Basel, Switzerland. Consistently ranked in the global top five, Novartis is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world and was the fourth largest by revenue in 2022.","Novartis AG is a Swiss multinational pharmaceutical corporation based in Basel, Switzerland. Consistently ranked in the global top five, Novartis is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world and was the fourth largest by revenue in 2022.",Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing 
19,Unitedhealth Group Inc,UNH,"UnitedHealth Group Incorporated is a for-profit American multinational managed healthcare and insurance company based in Minnetonka, Minnesota.","UnitedHealth Group Incorporated is a for-profit American multinational managed healthcare and insurance company based in Minnetonka, Minnesota.",Direct Health and Medical Insurance Carriers 
20,Merck & Co Inc,MRK,"Merck & Co., Inc. is an American multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in Rahway, New Jersey, and is named for Merck Group, founded in Germany in 1668, of whom it was once the American arm. The company does business as Merck Sharp & Dohme or MSD outside the United States and Canada.","Merck & Co., Inc. is an American multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in Rahway, New Jersey, and is named for Merck Group, founded in Germany in 1668, of whom it was once the American arm. The company does business as Merck Sharp & Dohme or MSD outside the United States and Canada.",Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing 
21,AMGEN Inc.,AMGN,"Amgen Inc. is an American multinational biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Thousand Oaks, California. One of the worlds largest independent biotechnology companies, Amgen was established in Thousand Oaks, California, in 1980.","Amgen Inc. is an American multinational biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Thousand Oaks, California. One of the worlds largest independent biotechnology companies, Amgen was established in Thousand Oaks, California, in 1980.",Biological Product (except Diagnostic) Manufacturing 
22,Medtronic Plc,MDT,"Medtronic plc is an American medical device company. The companys operational and executive headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and its legal headquarters are in Ireland due to its acquisition of Irish-based Covidien in 2015.","Medtronic plc is an American medical device company. The companys operational and executive headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and its legal headquarters are in Ireland due to its acquisition of Irish-based Covidien in 2015.",Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing 
23,Abbvie Inc,ABBV,"AbbVie Inc. is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in North Chicago, Illinois. It is ranked 6th on the list of largest biomedical companies by revenue. Their primary product is Humira (adalimumab) ($21 billion in 2022 revenues, 37% of total), administered via injection. It is approved to treat autoimmune diseases including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohns disease, plaque psoriasis, and ulcerative colitis.","AbbVie Inc. is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in North Chicago, Illinois. It is ranked 6th on the list of largest biomedical companies by revenue. Their primary product is Humira (adalimumab) ($21 billion in 2022 revenues, 37% of total), administered via injection. It is approved to treat autoimmune diseases including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohns disease, plaque psoriasis, and ulcerative colitis.",Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing 
24,Sanofi,SNY,"Sanofi S.A. is a French multinational pharmaceutical and healthcare company headquartered in Paris, France. Originally, the corporation was established in 1973 and merged with Synthélabo in 1999 to form Sanofi-Synthélabo","Sanofi S.A. is a French multinational pharmaceutical and healthcare company headquartered in Paris, France. Originally, the corporation was established in 1973 and merged with Synthélabo in 1999 to form Sanofi-Synthélabo",Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing 
25,Amazon.com Inc.,AMZN,"Amazon.com, Inc. is an American multinational technology company focusing on e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, digital streaming, and artificial intelligence.","Amazon.com, Inc. is an American multinational technology company focusing on e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, digital streaming, and artificial intelligence.",Electronic Shopping and Mail-Order Houses 
26,Alibaba Group Holding Ltd,BABA,"Alibaba Group Holding Limited, or Alibaba, is a Chinese multinational technology company specializing in e-commerce, retail, Internet, and technology.","Alibaba Group Holding Limited, or Alibaba, is a Chinese multinational technology company specializing in e-commerce, retail, Internet, and technology.",Software Publishers
27,Walmart Inc,WMT,"Walmart Inc. is an American multinational retail corporation that operates a chain of hypermarkets, discount department stores, and grocery stores in the United States, headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas.","Walmart Inc. is an American multinational retail corporation that operates a chain of hypermarkets, discount department stores, and grocery stores in the United States, headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas.",All Other General Merchandise Stores 
28,Comcast Corp,CMCSA,"Comcast Corporation, incorporated and headquartered in Philadelphia, is the largest American multinational telecommunications and media conglomerate.","Comcast Corporation, incorporated and headquartered in Philadelphia, is the largest American multinational telecommunications and media conglomerate.",Cable and Other Subscription Programming
29,"Home Depot, Inc.",HD,"The Home Depot, Inc., often simply referred to as Home Depot, is an American multinational home improvement retail corporation that sells tools, construction products, appliances, and services, including fuel and transportation rentals. Home Depot is the largest home improvement retailer in the United States.","The Home Depot, Inc., often simply referred to as Home Depot, is an American multinational home improvement retail corporation that sells tools, construction products, appliances, and services, including fuel and transportation rentals. Home Depot is the largest home improvement retailer in the United States.",Home Centers 
30,Walt Disney Co (The),DIS,"The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American multinational, mass media and entertainment conglomerate that is headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios complex in Burbank, California. ","The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American multinational, mass media and entertainment conglomerate that is headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios complex in Burbank, California. ",
31,McDonald`s Corp,MCD,"McDonalds Corporation is an American multinational fast food chain, founded in 1940 as a restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California, United States.","McDonalds Corporation is an American multinational fast food chain, founded in 1940 as a restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California, United States.",Limited-Service Restaurants 
32,Charter Communications Inc.,CHTR,"for company news and job opportunities, please follow us at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/spectrum/ spectrum is powered and innovated by charter communications.","for company news and job opportunities, please follow us at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/spectrum/ spectrum is powered and innovated by charter communications.",Cable and Other Subscription Programming
33,"United Parcel Service, Inc.",UPS,"United Parcel Service is an American multinational shipping & receiving and supply chain management company founded in 1907. Originally known as the American Messenger Company specializing in telegraphs, UPS has grown to become a Fortune 500 company and one of the worlds largest shipping couriers. ","United Parcel Service is an American multinational shipping & receiving and supply chain management company founded in 1907. Originally known as the American Messenger Company specializing in telegraphs, UPS has grown to become a Fortune 500 company and one of the worlds largest shipping couriers. ",Couriers and Express Delivery Services
34,NextEra Energy Inc,NEE,"NextEra Energy, Inc. is an American energy company with about 58 GW of generating capacity, revenues of over $18 billion in 2020, and about 14,900 employees throughout the US and Canada. It is the largest electric utility holding company by market capitalization.","NextEra Energy, Inc. is an American energy company with about 58 GW of generating capacity, revenues of over $18 billion in 2020, and about 14,900 employees throughout the US and Canada. It is the largest electric utility holding company by market capitalization.",Nuclear Electric Power Generation 
35,Duke Energy Corp.,DUK,"headquartered in charlotte, n.c., duke energy is one of the largest energy holding companies in the united states. its electric utilities and infrastructure business unit serves approximately 7.5 million customers located in six states in the southeast and midwest. the company's gas utilities and infrastructure business unit distributes natural gas to approximately 1.6 million customers in the carolinas, ohio, kentucky and tennessee. its commercial renewables business unit operates a growing renewable energy portfolio across the united states. duke energy is a fortune 125 company traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol duk.","headquartered in charlotte, n.c., duke energy is one of the largest energy holding companies in the united states. its electric utilities and infrastructure business unit serves approximately 7.5 million customers located in six states in the southeast and midwest. the company's gas utilities and infrastructure business unit distributes natural gas to approximately 1.6 million customers in the carolinas, ohio, kentucky and tennessee. its commercial renewables business unit operates a growing renewable energy portfolio across the united states. duke energy is a fortune 125 company traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol duk.",Nuclear Electric Power Generation 
36,Dominion Energy Inc,D,"our vision is to become the most sustainable energy company in the country. about 7 million customers in 13 states energize their homes and businesses with electricity or natural gas from dominion energy (nyse: d), headquartered in richmond, va. we are committed to sustainable, reliable, affordable and safe energy and to achieving net zero carbon dioxide and methane emissions from  power generation and gas infrastructure operations by 2050.please visit dominionenergy.com to learn more.","our vision is to become the most sustainable energy company in the country. about 7 million customers in 13 states energize their homes and businesses with electricity or natural gas from dominion energy (nyse: d), headquartered in richmond, va. we are committed to sustainable, reliable, affordable and safe energy and to achieving net zero carbon dioxide and methane emissions from  power generation and gas infrastructure operations by 2050.please visit dominionenergy.com to learn more.",Hydroelectric Power Generation 
37,Southern Company,SO,"Southern Company is an American gas and electric utility holding company based in the southern United States. It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with executive offices also located in Birmingham, Alabama. The company is the second largest utility company in the U.S. in terms of customer base, as of 2021.","Southern Company is an American gas and electric utility holding company based in the southern United States. It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with executive offices also located in Birmingham, Alabama. The company is the second largest utility company in the U.S. in terms of customer base, as of 2021.",Other Electric Power Generation 
38,National Grid Plc,NGG,"National Grid plc is a British multinational electricity and gas utility company headquartered in London, England. Its principal activities are in the United Kingdom, where it owns and operates electricity and natural gas transmission networks, and in the Northeastern United States, where as well as operating transmission networks, the company produces and supplies electricity and gas, providing both to customers in New York, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island.","National Grid plc is a British multinational electricity and gas utility company headquartered in London, England. Its principal activities are in the United Kingdom, where it owns and operates electricity and natural gas transmission networks, and in the Northeastern United States, where as well as operating transmission networks, the company produces and supplies electricity and gas, providing both to customers in New York, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island.",Pipeline Transportation of Natural Gas
39,American Electric Power Company Inc.,AEP,"american electric power is one of the largest electric utilities in the united states, delivering electricity to more than 5 million customers in 11 states. aep ranks among the nation’s largest generators of electricity, owning nearly 38,000 megawatts of generating capacity in the u.s. aep also owns the nation’s largest electricity transmission system, a nearly 39,000-mile network that includes more 765-kilovolt extra-high voltage transmission lines than all other u.s. transmission systems combined.

 aep’s utility units operate as aep ohio, aep texas, appalachian power (in virginia and west virginia), aep appalachian power (in tennessee), indiana michigan power, kentucky power, public service company of oklahoma, and southwestern electric power company (in arkansas, louisiana and east texas). aep’s headquarters are in columbus, ohio.","american electric power is one of the largest electric utilities in the united states, delivering electricity to more than 5 million customers in 11 states. aep ranks among the nation’s largest generators of electricity, owning nearly 38,000 megawatts of generating capacity in the u.s. aep also owns the nation’s largest electricity transmission system, a nearly 39,000-mile network that includes more 765-kilovolt extra-high voltage transmission lines than all other u.s. transmission systems combined.

 aep’s utility units operate as aep ohio, aep texas, appalachian power (in virginia and west virginia), aep appalachian power (in tennessee), indiana michigan power, kentucky power, public service company of oklahoma, and southwestern electric power company (in arkansas, louisiana and east texas). aep’s headquarters are in columbus, ohio.",Nuclear Electric Power Generation 
40,PG&E Corp.,PCG,"pg&e corporation, through its subsidiary, pacific gas and electric company, engages in the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers in northern and central california, the united states. it generates electricity using nuclear, hydroelectric, fossil fuel-fired, fuel cell, and photovoltaic sources. as of december 31, 2019, the company owns and operates approximately 18,000 circuit miles of interconnected transmission lines, 33 electric transmission substations, approximately 107,000 circuit miles of distribution lines, 68 transmission switching substations, and 760 distribution substations; and natural gas transmission, storage, and distribution system consisting of approximately 43,300 miles of distribution pipelines, approximately 6,300 miles of backbone and local transmission pipelines, and various storage facilities. it serves residential, commercial, industrial, and agricultural customers, as well as natural gas-fired electric generation facilities. the company ","pg&e corporation, through its subsidiary, pacific gas and electric company, engages in the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers in northern and central california, the united states. it generates electricity using nuclear, hydroelectric, fossil fuel-fired, fuel cell, and photovoltaic sources. as of december 31, 2019, the company owns and operates approximately 18,000 circuit miles of interconnected transmission lines, 33 electric transmission substations, approximately 107,000 circuit miles of distribution lines, 68 transmission switching substations, and 760 distribution substations; and natural gas transmission, storage, and distribution system consisting of approximately 43,300 miles of distribution pipelines, approximately 6,300 miles of backbone and local transmission pipelines, and various storage facilities. it serves residential, commercial, industrial, and agricultural customers, as well as natural gas-fired electric generation facilities. the company ",Other Electric Power Generation 
41,Exelon Corp.,EXC,"at exelon, we believe that reliable, clean and affordable energy is essential to a brighter, more sustainable future. we provide innovation, best-in-class performance and thought leadership to help drive progress for our customers and communities. exelon is the nation’s leading competitive energy provider, with 2015 revenues of approximately $34.5 billion. we do business in 48 states, d.c. and canada. exelon is one of the largest competitive u.s. power generators, with more than 32,700 megawatts of owned capacity. our constellation business unit provides energy products to about 2 million residential, public sector and business customers. and exelon’s utilities deliver electricity and natural gas to approximately 10 million customers in delaware, the district of columbia, illinois, maryland, new jersey and pennsylvania through atlantic city electric, bge, comed, delmarva power, peco and pepco. follow us on twitter @exelon.","at exelon, we believe that reliable, clean and affordable energy is essential to a brighter, more sustainable future. we provide innovation, best-in-class performance and thought leadership to help drive progress for our customers and communities. exelon is the nation’s leading competitive energy provider, with 2015 revenues of approximately $34.5 billion. we do business in 48 states, d.c. and canada. exelon is one of the largest competitive u.s. power generators, with more than 32,700 megawatts of owned capacity. our constellation business unit provides energy products to about 2 million residential, public sector and business customers. and exelon’s utilities deliver electricity and natural gas to approximately 10 million customers in delaware, the district of columbia, illinois, maryland, new jersey and pennsylvania through atlantic city electric, bge, comed, delmarva power, peco and pepco. follow us on twitter @exelon.",Nuclear Electric Power Generation 
42,Sempra Energy,SRE,"sempra energy, based in san diego, is a fortune 500 energy services holding company with 2014 revenues of more than $11 billion. the sempra energy companies' 17,000 employees serve more than 32 million consumers worldwide.

 our california utilities, san diego gas & electric co. and southern california gas co., serve more than 20 million consumers. and our other businesses develop energy infrastructure and provide related products and services to consumers around the world.

 due to our size, scope and resources, we're able to compete in energy markets both nationally and internationally. and we have the resources to take part in markets and businesses that connect people and ideas in many more ways than ever.","sempra energy, based in san diego, is a fortune 500 energy services holding company with 2014 revenues of more than $11 billion. the sempra energy companies' 17,000 employees serve more than 32 million consumers worldwide.

 our california utilities, san diego gas & electric co. and southern california gas co., serve more than 20 million consumers. and our other businesses develop energy infrastructure and provide related products and services to consumers around the world.

 due to our size, scope and resources, we're able to compete in energy markets both nationally and internationally. and we have the resources to take part in markets and businesses that connect people and ideas in many more ways than ever.",Natural Gas Distribution 
43,PPL Corp,PPL,"ppl corporation (nyse:ppl), a global energy company, delivers electricity and natural gas to more than 10.5 million customers in pennsylvania, kentucky and the united kingdom. our high-performing regulated utilities – western power distribution, louisville gas and electric, kentucky utilities, and ppl electric utilities – provide an outstanding service experience for our customers, consistently ranking among the best in the u.s. and the u.k.

 ppl is a positive force in the cities and towns where we do business, providing support for programs that create jobs and donating millions to charitable organizations that improve the quality of life. our more than 13,000 employees generously volunteer their time and energy to help others.

 as one of the largest investor-owned companies in the u.s. utility sector, ppl is committed to providing essential energy services in extraordinary ways, and we deliver.","ppl corporation (nyse:ppl), a global energy company, delivers electricity and natural gas to more than 10.5 million customers in pennsylvania, kentucky and the united kingdom. our high-performing regulated utilities – western power distribution, louisville gas and electric, kentucky utilities, and ppl electric utilities – provide an outstanding service experience for our customers, consistently ranking among the best in the u.s. and the u.k.

 ppl is a positive force in the cities and towns where we do business, providing support for programs that create jobs and donating millions to charitable organizations that improve the quality of life. our more than 13,000 employees generously volunteer their time and energy to help others.

 as one of the largest investor-owned companies in the u.s. utility sector, ppl is committed to providing essential energy services in extraordinary ways, and we deliver.",Nuclear Electric Power Generation 
44,Icahn Enterprises L P,IEP,"icahn enterprises l.p. (nasdaq: iep), a master limited partnership, is a diversified holding company engaged in nine primary business segments: investment, automotive, energy, railcar, mining, food packaging, metals, real estate and home fashion.

icahn enterprises l.p. is a delaware master limited partnership.","icahn enterprises l.p. (nasdaq: iep), a master limited partnership, is a diversified holding company engaged in nine primary business segments: investment, automotive, energy, railcar, mining, food packaging, metals, real estate and home fashion.

icahn enterprises l.p. is a delaware master limited partnership.",Offices of Bank Holding Companies 
45,Compass Diversified Holdings,CODI,"since our founding in 1998, the compass group has focused exclusively on the middle market space. our strategy and philosophy remains the same today as it was on the day of our founding — we look to acquire companies that we could own forever and that exhibit a clear “reason to exist”. we are passionate about partnering with outstanding management teams and support them with patient growth capital. at compass we have a commitment to our people, not change for change’s sake. from our experience we know that no one can run a successful business and be averse to change. in fact, we embrace positive change as a catalyst for growth. that said, we have no intention of changing the way we conduct ourselves as we build businesses. the management teams that help us to build are our partners — the people who make up the compass group family.","since our founding in 1998, the compass group has focused exclusively on the middle market space. our strategy and philosophy remains the same today as it was on the day of our founding — we look to acquire companies that we could own forever and that exhibit a clear “reason to exist”. we are passionate about partnering with outstanding management teams and support them with patient growth capital. at compass we have a commitment to our people, not change for change’s sake. from our experience we know that no one can run a successful business and be averse to change. in fact, we embrace positive change as a catalyst for growth. that said, we have no intention of changing the way we conduct ourselves as we build businesses. the management teams that help us to build are our partners — the people who make up the compass group family.",Upholstered Household Furniture Manufacturing 
46,REX American Resources Corp,REX,,,All Other Basic Organic Chemical Manufacturing 
47,Steel Partners Holdings LP,SPLP,"steel partners holdings l.p. (nyse: splp) is a global diversified holding company that engages in multiple businesses, including diversified industrial products, energy, defense, supply chain management and logistics, banking, food products and services, oilfield services, sports, training, education, and the entertainment and lifestyle industries.","steel partners holdings l.p. (nyse: splp) is a global diversified holding company that engages in multiple businesses, including diversified industrial products, energy, defense, supply chain management and logistics, banking, food products and services, oilfield services, sports, training, education, and the entertainment and lifestyle industries.",Offices of Other Holding Companies 
48,AgroFresh Solutions Inc,AGFS,"AgroFresh Solutions Inc. is an AgTech innovator and global leader with a mission to prevent food loss/waste and conserve the planet's resources by providing a range of science-based solutions, data-driven digital technologies and high-touch customer services. AgroFresh supports growers, packers and retailers with solutions across the food supply chain to enhance the quality and extend the shelf life of fresh produce. The AgroFresh organization has 40 years of post-harvest experience across a broad range of crops, including revolutionizing the apple industry with the SmartFresh™ Quality System for more than 20 years. This is powered by a comprehensive portfolio that includes plant-based coatings, equipment and proprietary solutions that help improve the freshness supply chain from harvest to the home.","AgroFresh Solutions Inc. is an AgTech innovator and global leader with a mission to prevent food loss/waste and conserve the planet's resources by providing a range of science-based solutions, data-driven digital technologies and high-touch customer services. AgroFresh supports growers, packers and retailers with solutions across the food supply chain to enhance the quality and extend the shelf life of fresh produce. The AgroFresh organization has 40 years of post-harvest experience across a broad range of crops, including revolutionizing the apple industry with the SmartFresh™ Quality System for more than 20 years. This is powered by a comprehensive portfolio that includes plant-based coatings, equipment and proprietary solutions that help improve the freshness supply chain from harvest to the home.",All Other Basic Organic Chemical Manufacturing 
49,Global Medical REIT Inc,GMRE,global medical reit inc. is net-lease medical office reit that acquires purpose-built specialized healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to strong healthcare systems and physician groups with leading market share.,global medical reit inc. is net-lease medical office reit that acquires purpose-built specialized healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to strong healthcare systems and physician groups with leading market share.,"Trusts, Estates, and Agency Accounts "
50,Banco de Chile,BCH,"somos una corporación líder con una prestigiosa tradición de negocios. nuestro propósito es proveer servicios financieros de excelencia, con soluciones creativas y efectivas para cada segmento de clientes, que aseguren la permanente creación de valor para nuestros accionistas. queremos ser el mejor banco para nuestros clientes, el mejor lugar para trabajar, la mejor inversión para nuestros accionistas.","somos una corporación líder con una prestigiosa tradición de negocios. nuestro propósito es proveer servicios financieros de excelencia, con soluciones creativas y efectivas para cada segmento de clientes, que aseguren la permanente creación de valor para nuestros accionistas. queremos ser el mejor banco para nuestros clientes, el mejor lugar para trabajar, la mejor inversión para nuestros accionistas.",Commercial Banking 
51,Banco Santander Chile SA,BSAC,servicios financieros.,servicios financieros.,Commercial Banking 
52,JPMorgan Chase & Co.,JPM,JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational financial services firm headquartered in New York City and incorporated in Delaware. It is the largest bank in the United States and the worlds largest bank by market capitalization.,JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational financial services firm headquartered in New York City and incorporated in Delaware. It is the largest bank in the United States and the worlds largest bank by market capitalization.,Commercial Banking 
53,Wells Fargo & Co.,WFC,Wells Fargo & Company is an American multinational financial services company with a significant global presence. The company operates in 35 countries and serves over 70 million customers worldwide.,Wells Fargo & Company is an American multinational financial services company with a significant global presence. The company operates in 35 countries and serves over 70 million customers worldwide.,Commercial Banking 
54,Bank Of America Corp.,BAC,"The Bank of America Corporation is an American multinational investment bank and financial services holding company headquartered at the Bank of America Corporate Center in Charlotte, North Carolina, with investment banking and auxiliary headquarters in Manhattan. The bank was founded in San Francisco, California.","The Bank of America Corporation is an American multinational investment bank and financial services holding company headquartered at the Bank of America Corporate Center in Charlotte, North Carolina, with investment banking and auxiliary headquarters in Manhattan. The bank was founded in San Francisco, California.",Commercial Banking 
55,Visa Inc,V,"Visa Inc. is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in San Francisco, California. It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards. Visa is one of the worlds most valuable companies.","Visa Inc. is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in San Francisco, California. It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards. Visa is one of the worlds most valuable companies.","Financial Transactions Processing, Reserve, and Clearinghouse Activities "
56,Citigroup Inc,C,Citigroup Inc. or Citi is an American multinational investment bank and financial services corporation headquartered in New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; Travelers was subsequently spun off from the company in 2002.,Citigroup Inc. or Citi is an American multinational investment bank and financial services corporation headquartered in New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; Travelers was subsequently spun off from the company in 2002.,Commercial Banking 
57,HSBC Holdings plc,HSBC,"HSBC is a British universal bank and financial services group headquartered in London, England, with unique historical and business links to East Asia and a highly multinational footprint. It is the largest Europe-based bank by total assets, ahead of BNP Paribas, with US$2.953 trillion as of December 2021.","HSBC is a British universal bank and financial services group headquartered in London, England, with unique historical and business links to East Asia and a highly multinational footprint. It is the largest Europe-based bank by total assets, ahead of BNP Paribas, with US$2.953 trillion as of December 2021.",Savings Institutions 
58,Mastercard Incorporated,MA,"Mastercard Inc. is the second-largest payment-processing corporation worldwide. It offers a range of financial services. Its headquarters are in Purchase, New York.","Mastercard Inc. is the second-largest payment-processing corporation worldwide. It offers a range of financial services. Its headquarters are in Purchase, New York.","Financial Transactions Processing, Reserve, and Clearinghouse Activities "
59,General Electric Co.,GE,"General Electric Company is an American multinational conglomerate founded in 1892, and incorporated in New York state and headquartered in Boston. The company operates in aviation, power, renewable energy, digital industry, additive manufacturing and venture capital and finance.","General Electric Company is an American multinational conglomerate founded in 1892, and incorporated in New York state and headquartered in Boston. The company operates in aviation, power, renewable energy, digital industry, additive manufacturing and venture capital and finance.",Aircraft Engine and Engine Parts Manufacturing 
60,3M Co.,MMM,"3m touches virtually every part of your life. our people and technology make the impossible, possible. every day we apply our science to enhance people’s lives. this is 3m science. applied to life.™","3m touches virtually every part of your life. our people and technology make the impossible, possible. every day we apply our science to enhance people’s lives. this is 3m science. applied to life.™",Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing 
61,Boeing Co.,BA,"The Boeing Company is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, satellites, telecommunications equipment, and missiles worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services.","The Boeing Company is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, satellites, telecommunications equipment, and missiles worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services.",Aircraft Manufacturing 
62,Honeywell International Inc,HON,"Honeywell International Inc. is an American publicly traded, multinational conglomerate corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. It primarily operates in four areas of business: aerospace, building technologies, performance materials, and technologies, and safety and productivity solutions.","Honeywell International Inc. is an American publicly traded, multinational conglomerate corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. It primarily operates in four areas of business: aerospace, building technologies, performance materials, and technologies, and safety and productivity solutions.",Aircraft Engine and Engine Parts Manufacturing 
63,Lockheed Martin Corp.,LMT,"The Lockheed Martin Corporation is an American aerospace, arms, defense, information security, and technology corporation with worldwide interests. It was formed by the merger of Lockheed Corporation with Martin Marietta in March 1995. It is headquartered in North Bethesda, Maryland, in the Washington, D.C. area. ","The Lockheed Martin Corporation is an American aerospace, arms, defense, information security, and technology corporation with worldwide interests. It was formed by the merger of Lockheed Corporation with Martin Marietta in March 1995. It is headquartered in North Bethesda, Maryland, in the Washington, D.C. area. ",Guided Missile and Space Vehicle Manufacturing 
64,Caterpillar Inc.,CAT,"Caterpillar Inc. is an American construction equipment manufacturer. The company is the worlds largest manufacturer of construction equipment. In 2018, Caterpillar was ranked number 73 on the Fortune 500 list and number 265 on the Global Fortune 500 list.","Caterpillar Inc. is an American construction equipment manufacturer. The company is the worlds largest manufacturer of construction equipment. In 2018, Caterpillar was ranked number 73 on the Fortune 500 list and number 265 on the Global Fortune 500 list.",Construction Machinery Manufacturing
65,General Dynamics Corp.,GD,"general dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company. from gulfstream business jets to submarines to wheeled combat vehicles to communications systems, people around the world depend on our products and services for their safety and security. headquartered in falls church, virginia, general dynamics is led by phebe novakovic. the company employs thousands of people, with locations in 43 countries. at the heart of our company are our employees. we rely on their intimate knowledge of customer requirements and a unique blend of skill and innovation to develop and produce the best possible products and services. the driver that makes our company agile, and ensures our continued performance, is our culture of continuous improvement. this culture enforces a shared commitment to consistently look toward the future and to embrace change. it’s a priority at all levels of our company, with every employee engaged in finding new ways to do things faster, better and more cost-effectively, and","general dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company. from gulfstream business jets to submarines to wheeled combat vehicles to communications systems, people around the world depend on our products and services for their safety and security. headquartered in falls church, virginia, general dynamics is led by phebe novakovic. the company employs thousands of people, with locations in 43 countries. at the heart of our company are our employees. we rely on their intimate knowledge of customer requirements and a unique blend of skill and innovation to develop and produce the best possible products and services. the driver that makes our company agile, and ensures our continued performance, is our culture of continuous improvement. this culture enforces a shared commitment to consistently look toward the future and to embrace change. it’s a priority at all levels of our company, with every employee engaged in finding new ways to do things faster, better and more cost-effectively, and","Search, Detection, Navigation, Guidance, Aeronautical, and Nautical System and Instrument Manufacturing "
66,Danaher Corp.,DHR,"Danaher Corporation is an American globally diversified conglomerate founded by brothers Stephen and Mitchell Rales in 1984. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., the company designs, manufactures, and markets medical, industrial, and commercial products and services.","Danaher Corporation is an American globally diversified conglomerate founded by brothers Stephen and Mitchell Rales in 1984. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., the company designs, manufactures, and markets medical, industrial, and commercial products and services.","Instruments and Related Products Manufacturing for Measuring, Displaying, and Controlling Industrial Process Variables "
67,ABB Ltd.,ABB,,,Switchgear and Switchboard Apparatus Manufacturing 
68,Alphabet Inc,GOOG,"Alphabet Inc. is an American multinational technology conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mountain View, California. It was created through a restructuring of Google on October 2, 2015, and became the parent company of Google and several former Google subsidiaries.","Alphabet Inc. is an American multinational technology conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mountain View, California. It was created through a restructuring of Google on October 2, 2015, and became the parent company of Google and several former Google subsidiaries.",All Other Telecommunications 
69,Microsoft Corporation,MSFT,"Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington. Microsofts best-known software products are the Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers.","Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington. Microsofts best-known software products are the Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers.",Software Publishers
70,"AT&T, Inc.",T,"AT&T Inc. is an American multinational telecommunications holding company headquartered at Whitacre Tower in Downtown Dallas, Texas. It is the worlds third-largest telecommunications company by revenue and the third-largest provider of mobile telephone services in the U.S.","AT&T Inc. is an American multinational telecommunications holding company headquartered at Whitacre Tower in Downtown Dallas, Texas. It is the worlds third-largest telecommunications company by revenue and the third-largest provider of mobile telephone services in the U.S.",Telecommunications Resellers 
71,Oracle Corp.,ORCL,"Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology corporation headquartered in Austin, Texas. In 2020, Oracle was the third-largest software company in the world by revenue and market capitalization.","Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology corporation headquartered in Austin, Texas. In 2020, Oracle was the third-largest software company in the world by revenue and market capitalization.",Software Publishers
72,Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing,TSM,Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited is a Taiwanese multinational semiconductor contract manufacturing and design company.,Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited is a Taiwanese multinational semiconductor contract manufacturing and design company.,Semiconductor and Related Device Manufacturing 
73,Verizon Communications Inc,VZ,"Verizon Communications Inc., commonly known as Verizon, is a multinational telecommunications conglomerate and a corporate component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The company is headquartered at 1095 Avenue of the Americas in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, but is incorporated in Delaware.","Verizon Communications Inc., commonly known as Verizon, is a multinational telecommunications conglomerate and a corporate component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The company is headquartered at 1095 Avenue of the Americas in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, but is incorporated in Delaware.",Telecommunications Resellers 
74,Intel Corp.,INTC,"Intel Corporation is an American multinational corporation and technology company headquartered in Santa Clara, California. It is one of the worlds largest semiconductor chip manufacturer by revenue, and is one of the developers of the x86 series of instruction sets found in most personal computers. ","Intel Corporation is an American multinational corporation and technology company headquartered in Santa Clara, California. It is one of the worlds largest semiconductor chip manufacturer by revenue, and is one of the developers of the x86 series of instruction sets found in most personal computers. ",Semiconductor and Related Device Manufacturing 
75,"Cisco Systems, Inc.",CSCO,"Cisco Systems, Inc., commonly known as Cisco, is an American-based multinational digital communications technology conglomerate corporation headquartered in San Jose, California.","Cisco Systems, Inc., commonly known as Cisco, is an American-based multinational digital communications technology conglomerate corporation headquartered in San Jose, California.",Telephone Apparatus Manufacturing
